Name: Nathaniel Myer
Date: 09/26/2019
Project: Text Adventure
Peer's repository: https://github.com/diesears/03-Text-adventure.git



What is something you learned by reviewing your peer's project?
I learned the importancce of clear references in code. I also learned how dumb players (me) can be and that sometimes the answer has to bbe spoon fed to them.
 

What is something you saw in your peer's project that you would like to apply to your own programming projects?
I liked how they kept the names of the names of the dictionaries short but desccriiptive so that it did not take long to make them a target but that it was always understood what was being targeted.
 

What suggestions would you have for your peer to improve his/her code?
The first room has a somewhat specific verb that is required to advancce to the next room. 
While there is a hint I feel that more verbs should be added that map to break so that the player doesn't have to be so exact.
 

What could have been clearer or better commented?
Sincce the JSON was just dictionaries not mucch would be needed to be commented if anyone looking at the code understood how dictionaries worked.
 

Was there anything in the code that was confusing to you? If so, what?
Nothing was confusing in the code itself. Sincce the project closly followed the template everything was easy to follow and all the rooms and exits worked.
 

Does the repository contain an appropriate LICENSE?
Yes, the repository does comtain the appropriate LICENSE.
 

What is something he/she could add to the README.md to make it more descriptive?
They could have added more about how the python file is the engine whicch imports the JSON as the game date. 
They ccould have also went into how the dictionaries in the JSON work as rooms in the game and that the verbs equal keeys which lead to other rooms (dictionaries).
 

Pay a compliment to your peer based on the quality of his/her code.
I enjoyed the multiple paths and that there were choices that acctually had an impact on whether the player won or lost.

